# Class `Au.inputBlocker`

Blocks keyboard and/or mouse input events from reaching applications.

```
public sealed class inputBlocker : IDisposable
```

##### Remarks

Uses keyboard and/or mouse hooks. Does not use API `BlockInput`, it does not work on current Windows versions. Blocks hardware-generated events and software-generated events, except generated by functions of this library. Functions of this library that send keys or text use this class internally, to block user-pressed keys and resend them afterwards (see `Au.inputBlocker.ResendBlockedKeys`). Does not block:

- In windows of the same thread that started blocking. For example, if your script shows a message box, the user can click its buttons.
- In windows of higher [UAC](../articles/UAC.html) integrity level (IL) processes, unless this process has uiAccess IL.
- In special desktops/screens, such as when you press `Ctrl+Alt+Delete` or launch an admin program that requires UAC elevation. See also `Au.inputBlocker.ResumeAfterCtrlAltDelete`.
- Some Windows hotkeys, such as `Ctrl+Alt+Delete` and `Win+L`.
- Keyboard hooks don't work in windows of this process if this process uses direct input or raw input API.

To stop blocking, can be used `using`, like in the example. Or `try` with `finally` code that calls `Au.inputBlocker.Dispose` or `Au.inputBlocker.Stop`. Also automatically stops when this thread ends. Users can stop with `Ctrl+Alt+Delete`.

##### Examples

```
using(new inputBlocker(BIEvents.All)) {
	print.it("blocked");
	5.s();
}
print.it("not blocked");
```

##### Inheritance

`object` → `inputBlocker`

### Constructors

`inputBlocker()`, `inputBlocker(BIEvents)`

### Properties

`DontBlockInjected`, `Pause`, `ResendBlockedKeys`, `ResumeAfterCtrlAltDelete`

### Methods

`Dispose`, `Start`, `Stop`